How do I install and play Dawn of Djinn?
1.) Download the patch.
2.) Have your copy of Golden Sun for the GBA** ready
	-Make sure you use a clean copy, patching something already patched is not recommended.
3.) Use Lunar IPS to patch it to your copy of Golden Sun**


Is Dawn of Djinn hard?
Dawn of Djinn by default is harder than the orginal Golden Sun, but is not intended to be "brutally hard".
Previous experience with the Golden Sun series is recommended before jumping in.

On average, monster's stats are mutiplied similarly to how they are in Lost Age's hard mode. Though movepools
have been changed to make them more capable than normal, including with bosses.

However, if you find a normal playthrough of this mod to be too easy or hard, you can artifically adjust
the diffculty by equipping either the "Casual Key" or the "Brutal Key" to all your party members.


How do the Brutal Key and Casual Key Affect Combat?
When equipped, the Casual Key will boost your stats similarly to how the enemies are boosted in this mod,
plus gives a mutipler on your max PP to compansate for Psynergy costing more to cast in this mod.
It also has an outside of battle use that will recover all of your party's Psynergy, in case you prefer
RPGs where you only have to manage your stats during battle. It is completely optional to use.
The Brutal Key divides your stats, making you weaker than when unequipped.


Where do I find the Brutal/Casual Key?
In Vale, the shop has been readjusted to have both these key items in their armor section for free.
You'll also find the Casual Key in Vault's shop, in case you forget to backtrack.



How does equipping Djinn Charms work?
Djinn charm are elementally alligned, meaning they can only be equipped by an Adept that shares there element.
Only Isaac can equip Venus Charms, Garret to Mars, Ivan to Jupiter, and Mia to Mercury.
Furthermore, Djinn Charms count as a ring equipment, meaning you can only have one equipped at a time, and trying
equip an actually ring item unequips the Djinn Charm.


Where's the dialouge?
For the sake of easier playtesting, I used a verison of Golden Sun that had dialouge turned off for all my work with Version 1.0...
Due to the nature of working off a copy of Golden Sun that already had the dialouge remove, rather than patching it out myself, I have
to basically start with a fresh new patch in order to make a version with the dialouge on.  This dialouge version of the mod is planned
to be made for either a 1.5 or 2.0 release, but I figured since everything else is set to share already that I would release my dialougeless
1.0 version while I'm reworking a dilaouge verison, hopefully taking advantage of starting from scratch to clean up some "code" that
I probably made a mess of putting 1.0 together.  No set release date for the dialouge version yet, 
but it shouldn't take nearly as long as it has for me to make version 1 in the first place.  I appoglize in advance to everyone who was
looking forward to enjoying the full experience of Golden Sun's story while playing this mod.

Avoid toggles on and off but monster encounters are still gone, how do I fix this?
This is bug seems to be caused by saving and quitting the game while avoid is still toogled on.
So first and foremost, getting in the habit of turning off Avoid when you don't need it can be helpful.
If you do run into this bug however it is fixable with a little work.
-First toogle Avoid on and off a couple times
-Transition to a new screen, either by entering a town/dungeon or entering the overworld.
-When you toogle Avoid off now, monsters should appear like normal.


Soo..umm..sometimes the sprites of enemies and party members disapear in battle. Is this supposed to happen?
No, but I can't fix all of them.  If it happens in a random encounter, it was likely an oversight
of trying to squeeze too many enemies into that fight and I can adjust it with feedback.  
If it happens during a boss fight, I likely already noticed it but decided not to fix it due to it having too
big of impact on the fight if I flat out removed an enemy.


How do I progress through ____?
Lack of dialouge in version 1 may make certain plot areas a little obtuse.
Feel free to refrence the "Event Trigger Notes" text file if you get stuck on your adventure.
In addtion there are other text files included in the care package that act as Cheat Sheets for Djinn,
Djinn Charms, and Monster drops if you don't mind the spoilers, and I may add more in the future.

**I do not condone priacy and therefore will not tell you how to get a copy of the game to patch.
If you are already familar with dumping a GBA game, that would be the most legal way I can think of to so.
Regardless of method, I cannot be held relable for the results. Please support the games via buying Golden
Sun digitally if possible.
